When you and I receive a new Bible-based publication,
we're benefiting from the painstaking work of those who prepared it.
The faith in the screech slave carefully considers
what spiritual food we need now to strengthen our faith.
But how does that spiritual food actually get into our hands?
The publishing committee of the governing body
supervises the printing and shipping of Bible literature
and thousands of our dear brothers and sisters
then assist them to deliver it to us.
The publishing committee arranges for the most efficient use of funds
that have been donated to advance the worldwide kingdom work.
They take into account the needs of our brothers in specific lands
and consider how best to help them
reach interested ones in their territory.
In Sub-Saharan Africa, for example,
the South Africa branch serves the spiritual needs of people
across 20 countries in more than 220 languages.
In this report, notice what is being done
to supply needed literature to this vast field
and the beneficial effect this is having on people.
This work is an expression of Jehovah's deep love for his witnesses
and for those to whom we preach the good news.
The new shipping warehouse at the South Africa branch
sends literature to 16,400 congregations every month.
At this huge warehouse, bigger than two football fields
literature requests are processed, packed and ready to go
with the next shipment to that region.
Kokuma congregation in northern Kenya is located in a refugee camp.
People originate from eight different countries.
The brothers preaching here appreciate the variety of languages
they can request literature in.
As we preach to the refugees,
it makes me happy to see how they respond to the message
because I see their sadness turned into hope.
Work a thousand kilometers from Sudan to Kenya.
I will take me like four months, I can say 2015.
And this is where I start the book called What Really By Voltage.
When I read those things, they touch and I fell
that when you are passed and you get water, cool water.
If that can't be known to them.
If thought to them become stable again, I might return.
Since I am now one of Jehovah's Witnesses,
I have to go see how my mother is and preach to her.
If I see my father again in the resurrection,
I will tell him, Father, God's Word has come true.
I will teach my father the knowledge that I got in Kokuma refugee camp.
I was born in a refugee camp
and I cannot remember my parents.
Later, I was raised in an orphanage.
The publications we receive at the meetings
are one of the many provisions that help us to grow spiritually.
Such deeds show that God wants people to live a life of purpose now
and to look forward to living forever in the future without suffering.
In the bulk storage area,
the location code system identifies where items are stored.
High-reach forklifts are used to safely place pellets of literature
in the shelving system that is three stories high.
Coming over this shelf are large quantities of Bible Teachbooks in Portuguese,
their destination, Angola.
There, on average, each publisher conducts more than four Bible studies.
I am conducting 30 Bible studies.
The majority attend the congregation meetings.
I sometimes have to hold back the tears when I see people making changes in their lives
because of the power of God's Word.
This gives me joy.
With my husband, we conduct 36 Bible studies.
I was also involved in war.
Then I began studying the Bible.
And now I have inner peace.
I like the way to overwhelm people to have that same peace too.
Each month, over 11 million magazines and workbooks roll in from the printing presses.
These are quickly sorted in the picking line and sent to each congregation
in time for scheduled meetings and preaching initiatives.
One of the largest shipments of the public edition of the magazines goes to Zambia.
This country has a publisher to population ratio of 1 to 85,
the lowest ratio on the continent.
Despite having so many publishers in the ministry,
there is still a high demand for the public edition of the magazines.
The Metropolitan Witnessing work here in Lusaka is really, really positive.
It's not unusual to find a Zambia coming up to you and asking you
if you've got the latest magazine.
These publications are not just for your people.
The message in them is beneficial to all Christians.
The world would have less confusion if people read these publications.
It is not me alone who reads.
There are many people who reads these magazines.
Please continue and thank you.
I feel good because these publications help me to learn about God.
I also help others. I use them to teach my children.
Over 60,000 boxes of literature leave the warehouse every month.
Some boxes are customized in order to help the brothers
who do the final delivery of the literature in challenging conditions.
For instance, extra waterproofing for high rainfall areas.
A handle is added if they're to be carried by hand over long distances.
The literature for each depot is stacked together on pallets and wrapped securely.
One of the largest languages shipped from the warehouse is Chichua,
the main language of Malawi.
The brothers in Malawi greatly appreciate receiving publications for their meetings.
There was a time when it was difficult to get literature into the country.
Our work was banned for many years.
We received hardly any supplies of literature.
We are not telling.
Nowadays, there are no limitations as to worshipping our God.
We are able to attend meetings freely.
Preach freely.
We receive literature in abundance without any limitations.
And so, every box of literature shipped from the warehouse connects to a story.
A story of hope, love and care from our creator and his organization.